In `to_thread_run_sync()`, add `abandon_on_cancel=` as an alias for the `cancellable=` flag (#2841)
python-trio/trio: newsfragments/2841.feature.rst

To better reflect the underlying thread handling semantics,

> `trio.to_thread.run_sync` gained a new keyword argument ``abandon_on_cancel``

Reviewer: This newsfragment should get a `.removal.` name (not `.feature.`) so it shows up in the "Deprecations and removals" section of the release notes.

I would write this as
```
To better reflect the underlying thread handling semantics,
the keyword argument for `trio.to_thread.run_sync` that was
previously called ``cancellable`` is now named ``abandon_on_cancel``.
It still does the same thing -- allow the thread to be abandoned
if the call to `trio.to_thread.run_sync` is cancelled -- but since we now
have other ways to propagate a cancellation without abandoning
the thread, "cancellable" has become somewhat of a misnomer.
The old ``cancellable`` name is now deprecated.
```

> that overrides the older (now deprecated) ``cancellable`` flag.

Reviewer 2: Hmm it's not exactly deprecated. I'm not sure how to best phase "replaced temporary kwarg name" or whatever though. I feel like it's important information that `cancellable` was never released.

Author: I'm happy to simply not say deprecated anywhere!

Reviewer 2: Yeah that probably works

Reviewer 2: Oh wait gahhh I shouldn't do this while sleepy, I only saw the changes that replaced the kwarg, didn't realize you kept it for compatibility 😭 

Sorry... if we are going to keep the kwarg, then deprecation is good. I thought the function that "cancelled" is on was added in this release meaning we could just replace the name without deprecation period.

Author: Haha no worries, but I won't be able to revert it today. Feel free to merge either version in the mean while.

> To better reflect the underlying thread handling semantics,
> `trio.to_thread.run_sync` gained a new keyword argument ``abandon_on_cancel``
> that overrides the older (now deprecated) ``cancellable`` flag.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To better reflect the underlying thread handling semantics,
`trio.to_thread.run_sync` gained a new keyword argument ``abandon_on_cancel``
that can be used instead of the older ``cancellable`` flag (that might get fully deprecated in the future).
```
